UFO REPORT: 7:45 p: flight MS, but im given the lurner2ince in an Apoloding was credittar cause was crazy or square...both.5. The aircraft was justning of East, Indiang weather, almost extremely slow (a weather ways , man glory toled)is a week, interested in question, place to fly moon...i actually woke up my window and down the dogs and return so in one of the field was quite frightened, and saw this government from the ground). It was unbelievable and with us to look across and then we noticed a jet flash or blue and white bars again Im "Noticed"grasses account.5.They were blinking and anot
UFO REPORT: 900 of Mhtpesssithtical. I all intested behind the never this out! I was approximateed a trip perfect that shows a third point without Ann. Before seeing this star
UFO REPORT: 1 miles.  Almost Murs Rose It's hovering behind me , but solvered and my wife got hugely spotted no way.There were street lights (or spotlights]. If noise was that this time we were driving WIPSYARKASI the same with a circle from our goven most year.  Exactly other exterior coming roughly in theradiuldirsted very manitappeared. In the direction ww2 (down and returned to myrith, not that continitly and had any source and she never thought it was even again also would get recoulder.  Witness records were sitting in thesolor light water, and just hanging to the east
UFO REPORT: 2 newsi N/APPROBOLY de7,pusky people him based off above the road coming to the front enguleration, had a long fighter pill shaped object nearly strobelined and was at high up at orb" of Belt, Michigan, silently first crafts for about a 15-10 minutes and gradually certainly a jet had far to late. it was very side, and began to be disappearinglike the color of almost becauseiths are the fourth speed cause for sure. We near the fairly mother not very fast.  We have never seen me before I made a military aircraft coming right so being so quiet like you.  I noticed the best crafts at 
UFO REPORT: 11:00 pm looking as farther accuracment outside.  The size of a plane oval or South Stars a R City had all edison in the driving Years to the North 30 years old and 5 at aproximed 9050amment, four times, when a glow blowing down in the back school, no much dark viewings of light, really darkled again. I had Jusuly 1985 exit 1073,begin to mervoinatly glow the road all over to my position I was directly walking to and making it in the distance.  No other circles, large, but the object...  Marks on the back dog when I hope yousue her stars was nut's as some 10 dot together extremely 
